What's difficult, you know, what's been
difficult for this cycle is trying to
figure out, all right, is this more like
2019 or is it more like 2018?
In 2018,
there's certainly a lot of similarities
between now and what happened back then.
Uh for instance, Bitcoin found a low in
February,
right? It found a low there.
And you can see found a low in February
in 2022.
And then
after the low in February, we found a
higher low in April, a higher low in
April,
and then a rally up to the 200-day
moving average in May.
So, in that way, it's actually really
similar to how it played out in 2018. So
similar, in fact, that the price that
Bitcoin bounced off of is just 10x
higher today than it was back then. The
first low being at around 6K back then,
and then the higher low at around 6,400.
This time, you had your low at around
60K, and then the higher low is around
665,000. So,